there's a rumor that Tom Brady the
greatest quarterback of all time will
leave the New England Patriots the only
team has ever played for to potentially
come to play for the Chargers here in LA
his contract expires in the spring and
his future with the Patriots is
especially in question after he posted a
long message on Instagram thanking fans
he wrote I just wanted to say to all of
our fans thank you after a few days of
reflection I am so grateful and humbled
by the unconditional support you've
shown me over the past two decades and
he goes on about the team being
eliminated and then in both life and
football failure is inevitable you don't
always win you can however learn from
the failure pick yourself up with great
enthusiasm and place yourself in that
arena again and that's right where you
will find me because I know I still have
more to prove which I know what more
does a guy with six Super Bowl rings and
a supermodel wife have to does he is he
hoping to unlock the mysteries of the
universe because I think he's leaving I
think I think he's good no one writes a
letter that long unless they're going
through a breakup and obviously the idea
that the Brady era could be over and he
could go to another team is upsetting to
Patriots fans and in fact in Brookline
Massachusetts one fan is staging a
protest outside Tom Brady's house little
friend from Seekonk Tommy Brady
Fitzpatrick he's two years old he loves
Tom Brady how are you doing how are you
holding up Tommy
decidedly not great oh you're about to
see a wicked case of the terrible twos
if touchdown Tommy leaves Boston you ned
Gus LA well there's no reason to insult
me but if they hear let me ask you this
if the team wants to start over and Tom
wants to keep playing why should he stay
in Boston
yeah why should he watch you a tongue
and I'm gonna cut it out of your mouth
and hang it from the rear-view mirror my
friggin iroc-z oh hi missus I'm mrs.
Fitzpatrick how you doing
we are in no mood for your nonsense
today Kimball this is a very dark day
yeah well I guess your son seems very
upset by this news yeah of course he's
upset Tom Brady is the closest thing
he's ever had to a father figure
since WCVB stopped Aaron Spencer for
hire
well that's very sad Tommy did you make
that sign yourself this one y'all ready
front it says the goat stays put I see
that yeah what does it say on the back a
show mama show me your darkest it's a
leftover from the woman's Matt oh okay
yeah my little Tommy loves not a lot of
babies fury yes what are you bringing in
there Darlene what's that what are you
drinking there oh I'm staying hydrated
with some cigarette water is that a
thing cigarette water
yeah Johnny Lingus every bottle contains
the same amount of nicotine as a whole
soft pack of Newports 100s Oh with only
half of the tab all right and now you
wonder why Tom Brady would want to leave
Oh heart you want your tone you knock
table
we got everything you could ever need
right here in Boston right here in
Boston madam madam some off a Madame's
Oktoberfest all of the flavor all the
seasonals plus we got fluffer nutters
uh-huh chowder those are great but I'm
not sure those are enough reasons to
stay if we're gonna play football I mean
have you ever even had chowder yes hot
milk and cream okay but delicacy you
Peck anecca I'm sorry but I don't know
the food might not be enough to keep Tom
Brady from coming to LA to out right you
just want him to come out to Holly weird
so she can go hot tubbing with you and
OJ right
he leaves people in Boston will be
rioting in the streets mayhem everyone
it will be Bethlem have people will lose
their minds from governor Charlie Baker
to mayor Marty Walsh Robert Parish to
run across Joey all right Tommy you're
getting a little bit excited but okay
well good luck in know that is he know
that if if he does come West he will be
in good hands here in Los Angeles okay
lovely mother Darlene thank you guys
I think you guys really gave 110% thanks
all right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do